General Guidelines for all types of leave

1. All leaves have to be addressed to senior, for prior approval with a copy marked to the HR.
   Emergency requests for leave should be made to the Team Leader and HR department directly
   through Email(compulsory) and Phone, or SMS before 10:00 am
2. No intimation through a colleague / friend shall be acceptable. Failing to inform about leave before
   10:00 am will be considered as full day leave without pay.
3. In case an employee on probation period takes uninformed leaves then, in such a case for every one
   day theirtwo days salary will be deducted.
4. In case the sanctioned leave application is not submitted to HR prior to the applicant going on leave,
   then the applicant’s absence shall be treated as ‘absence without leave and without pay’, till the time
   a duly approved leave application is submitted to HR.
5. Eligibility of leaves shallbe on a pro-rata basis, and credited only after the completion of the month.
6. ‘Year’ is defined as the financial year commencing on the 1st Aprilto 31st March.
7. Employees absent for two days or more without any information / unauthorized leave, shall submit a
   written Explanation forthe same and shall be liable to appropriate disciplinary action.
8. While on probation, Employees with 3+ years of experience will be allotted half the number of total
   available EL’s forthe year, marriage leave can be provided as per rules.
9. Employees on leave need to be reachable through phone,to team members for any emergency.
10. For half day, minimum working hours should be of 4.30 hours, less than this will be treated as full day
    leave and full day minimum working hours should be 7:00 hours.
11. Employees cannot avail any leave once they resign. Any leave taken during the notice period will be
    treated as Leave without pay and shall extend the notice period accordingly.
12. If a resigned employee has already used up all his ELs, then such leave amount will be deducted from
    final salary settlement.
13. No two-team members/person can be on leave at same time - or Total present of any team at any
    given time should not be less than 2:3.
14. Employees going on leave have to explain/delegate theirresponsibility toanother team member.
15. In case an employee is extending the sanctioned leave, they will have to apply in writing with
    reason/valid proof and obtain permission before expiry of the leave originally granted tothem.
16. Maximum of 10 days Leave would be clubbed together, including official offs, however ELs shall be
    deducted only for the working days.
17. All the Saturdays of the month are off except Last Saturday of month (Training and development
    Saturdays) which will be counted as Working Day and employee has to attend minimum 7 hours to
    count it as a full day. However, the working hours of the last Saturday will not be counted in Monthly
    working hour’s average.
18. Leaves application should be done at least 4 days before the leave date
19. If any employee fails to serve the notice period as per company policy then employee forfeits the
    right to receive any kind of certificates (experience letter orsimilar) from the organization.
20. If any employee is terminated by Organization, then the employee is only eligible for Termination
    letter and no other letters will be provided.
21. Employees are entitled to 18 annual paid leaves.
